Added Overtaci setup (#313)
Aarhus-Psychiatry-Research/psycop-common: README.md

conda activate psycop-main
```

> to reinstall the packages in the environment see the `setup_overtaci.sh``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reinstall the packages in the environment, run `setup_overtaci.sh` in a `git bash` session.
```
